## Core Banking REST API

Exposed Endpoints
-----------------
Check the project's `Swagger` documentation for details and information on the endpoints.
Just head to `/swagger-ui/index.html` after running the Spring-Boot application.
`Swagger` doesn't only provide documentation, you can try out the endpoints as well, just like as you would do with Postman!

Model/Schema Description
------------------------
A `Client` has a collection of `Account` objects.
An `Account` has a collection of `Operation` objects.
These operations implement the `Runnable` interface.
Therefore, they can be executed. By a Thread, for example. Or simply by calling their `.run()` method.
A boolean field `alreadExecuted` stores the state of an `Operation`.
Each `Account` maintains its collection/list of operations, basically, its history.

Most operations use no service, like deposits and withdrawals.
That is, a simple `Operation` just calls the appropriate method of an `Account` object.
This is not true for transfers.
For these we use an `AccountService`, which also is responsible for creating the `Account` objects and saving them in the database, which is handled by `AccountRepository`.

Maven Commands
--------------

- `mvn clean`

	cleans `target/` directory, where maven build files are kept

- `mvn install`

	builds the project

- `mvn test`

	Runs unit tests
	Also, pay attention: test coverage reports are generated by JaCoCo, and kept in  `target/site/jacoco/`.
	You can view the test results displayed nicely by accessing `target/site/jacoco/index.html`.


- `mvn compile`

	The compile build phase compiles the source of the project.
	Since `googleformatter-maven-plugin` has been added, this command formats code according to Google Java Format standards.

- `mvn spring-boot:run`

	runs the Spring Boot application
